Update exploit-protection-exploit-guard.md (#4348)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-exploit-guard/exploit-protection-exploit-guard.md

>[!WARNING]
>Some security mitigation technologies may have compatibility issues with some applications. You should test exploit protection in all target use scenarios by using [audit mode](audit-windows-defender-exploit-guard.md) before deploying the configuration across a production environment or the rest of your network.

> ## Review exploit protection events in the Windows Defender ATP Security Center

Reviewer: update to "Microsoft Security Center"

> Windows Defender ATP provides detailed reporting into events and blocks as part of its alert investigation scenarios.

Reviewer: update to "Microsoft Defender ATP"

> You can query Microsoft Defender ATP data by using [Advanced hunting](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/advanced-hunting-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection). If you're using [audit mode](audit-windows-defender-exploit-guard.md), you can use Advanced hunting to see how exploit protection settings would affect your environment if they were enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can query Microsoft Defender ATP data by using [Advanced hunting](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/advanced-hunting-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection). If you're using [audit mode](audit-windows-defender-exploit-guard.md), you can use Advanced hunting to see how exploit protection settings could affect your environment.
```
